Deep in the woods somewhere in the northern tip of Wisconsin lived a wild Yorkie Poo by the name of Vivian. Vivian was held in the highest esteem by local lore. There wasn't a bar in a 100 mile radius that didn't have a picture of this pup plastered somewhere above the bar keep. It wasn't always this way though and not a sigle soul can either confirm nor deny the acconts that follow. Lets being on a brisk winter night. A night so cold you could one felt as if they were only living creature. As if they had been planted on a different planet. This, believe it or not, was where Vivian thrived.

Vivian felt pretty confident that they were the only living creature out this night. This was because Vivian was the only one in town who was ever brave enough to go outside when it got this cold out. This was bad for the local bars because no one was coming in to drink when it got cold! The story goes that Vivian started offering their services when it got to cold out. Vivian would brave the cold no matter the distance to deliver you a nice cold drink from the bar if you would only do one thing for them.

What could this good pup possibly want? Although it was known far and wide that Vivian was a hero to many, few knew of her deals with the locals. Uppon delivering the savory beverage to the desperate town folk, the locals became acustomed to their fee. After hours of lugging through the snow Vivian would become famished. At each home a piping hot plate of fried cheese curds would be sitting in the window sill. Quickly a yummy cheesy aroma would whaft through the towns. But then the snows would start to melt.

As the white was replaced by the lush green of the forest, the stories of Vivian are overshadowed by something much more terrible. The Cheese Curd Menace, said to be an amorphous creature of the night. So swift that cameras hoping to catch a glipse would return only blurs, only after their cheese curds have all been taken away. These locals once decided to keep their cheese curds locked tightly away in the basement, only to wake pieces of what was once the basement door and marks of what seemed to be a tantrum of a wild beast. None dare tried to test it again. Once snow came around, Vivian returned happy and jumpy, and the terror was soon forgotten. No one came to question the origins of Vivian. Maybe that is for the better.
